7.5.0 release (#391)
elastic/helm-charts: filebeat/README.md

## Usage notes and getting started
* The default Filebeat configuration file for this chart is configured to use an Elasticsearch endpoint. Without any additional changes, Filebeat will send documents to the service URL that the Elasticsearch helm chart sets up by default. You may either set the `ELASTICSEARCH_HOSTS` environment variable in `extraEnvs` to override this endpoint or modify the default `filebeatConfig` to change this behavior.
* The default Filebeat configuration file is also configured to capture container logs and enrich them with Kubernetes metadata by default. This will capture all container logs in the cluster.

> * This chart disable [HostNetwork](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/#host-namespaces) by default for compatibility reasons with the majority of K8S providers and scenarios. Some k8s providers may not allow enabling `hostNetwork` and deploying multiples Filebeat pods on the same node isn't possible with `hostNetwork`. However Filebeat does recommend activating it. If your K8S provider is compatible with `hostNetwork` and you don't need to run multiple Filebeat daemonsets, you can activate it [here](./values.yaml#L36)

Reviewer: A few minor tweaks here:
```suggestion
* This chart disables the [HostNetwork](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/#host-namespaces) setting by default for compatibility reasons with the majority of kubernetes providers and scenarios. Some kubernetes providers may not allow enabling `hostNetwork` and deploying multiple Filebeat pods on the same node isn't possible with `hostNetwork`. However Filebeat does recommend activating it. If your kubernetes provider is compatible with `hostNetwork` and you don't need to run multiple Filebeat daemonsets, you can activate it [here](./values.yaml#L36).
```

> * This chart disables the [HostNetwork](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/#host-namespaces) setting by default for compatibility reasons with the majority of kubernetes providers and scenarios. Some kubernetes providers may not allow enabling `hostNetwork` and deploying multiple Filebeat pods on the same node isn't possible with `hostNetwork`. However Filebeat does recommend activating it. If your kubernetes provider is compatible with `hostNetwork` and you don't need to run multiple Filebeat daemonsets, you can activate it [here](./values.yaml#L36).

Reviewer 2: > /values.yaml#L36

This line number won't be correct anymore if any values are added above it. I think it would be better to just leave the link out to avoid confusion.
